Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Anyone see him yet?
Are you crazy?
Sounds like bad news
when you deliver it.
I'm so proud of you!
Finally together!
Just a clogged pipe
but I'm totally fine now.
We're celebrating the first Reyes
to graduate from college!
Be my lookout.
I'm not sleepy either.
Don't look so sad.
See you in the morning.
Come here!
I forgot to give you a blessing!
Open it!
Looks like a bug. right?
It went up his ass!
How long ago did we take it?
Why are you naked?
Just like when he was little.
Because he's cold!
Cover your balls. Jaime.
You okay?
It's like Maria Mercedez.
Only she's the rich white guy
and he doesn't have a pot to piss in.
Even better!
I'm proud to say
I'm Jaime from the neighborhood.
He left his hometown
to make a living.
He took the Taco!
Don't be silly!
Gross! Cover that up!
You can barely see it.
Like the assassins in Mexico?
Something wrong?
Get away from the windows!
Don't say anything.
Hide!
We have to help Jaime.
We don't have time for self-pity.
We must rescue Jaime.
That's what his father would have wanted.
Listen...
I know how you feel
but we have to be brave.
There will be a time to cry.
This is not that time.
We have turned both cheeks.
Now is the time to fight.
This will make you feel better.
We'll need more than a flying bug
to save Jaime.
There's plenty you don't know
about your Nana.
I've stormed this kind of fortress before.
Let me see that tunnel.
That's how we get in.
We will create a diversion
while they go in
directly to the basement.
After that. you go and find Jaime.
We'll be the getaway.
Any questions?
I stepped on him!
Everything is going to be okay.
Come with me.
The universe knows it's you.
I know it's you.
You know it as well.
The scarab has chosen you for a reason.
I'll always be with you.
All the answers are here.
I love you. son.
Come on.
I'll tell you later.
Down with the imperialists!
Now we can go.
You ok?
And kick their asses!
Let's kick their ass.
Where were you?
Take these!
Me too.
Take care of your family.
Go.
I remember everything now.
It's time...
Time to come home.
Bad weed never dies.
Now we can cry.
Everybody showed up.
Now we can start to rebuild.
Thank you for coming.